[ROCm Systems Profiler] Path issue note added to Profiling python script (#1766)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/docs/how-to/profiling-python-scripts.rst

``share/modulefiles/rocprofiler-systems`` automatically handle the prefixing of the ``PYTHONPATH``
environment variable.

.. note::

>    PyTorch and other Python applications might fail to profile device activities when it is unable to find the libraries in the default linker path. As a workaround, you need to explicitly add the library path to ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``. For PyTorch use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Profiling PyTorch and other AI workloads might fail because it is unable to find the libraries in the default linker path. As a workaround, you need to explicitly add the library path to ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``. For example, when using PyTorch with Python 3.10, add the following to the environment:
```
How about this?
